Update the bulk restore coordination spec (#10967)
NuGet/Home: proposed/2021/BulkRestoreCoordination.md

There are no functional changes to any experiences.
The user actions are all the same, the changes have a performance focus.

> The user *may* should be able to observed differences in any of the above mentioned scenarios, bulk edit, branch switch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user *may* be able to observe differences in any of the above mentioned scenarios, bulk edit, branch switch. 

```

    }
```

#### Implementation details

> - Given that there are risks with this proposal, the NuGet implementation will have a means of disabling this feature.

Reviewer 2: To be clear, disabling this feature means returning to current (released) behavior?  That means the 10-second sliding window can't be removed; it must be disabled when this feature is enabled and enabled otherwise.

Author: We'd go back to the previous approach that will likely have a longer sliding window at solution load, yes.

> - NuGet will only account for projects that have registered an IVsProjectRestoreInfoSource. A PackageReference based project does not have to register an IVsProjectRestoreInfoSource.

Reviewer 2: A PackageReference-based project is not required to register an IVsProjectRestoreInfoSource; however, not registering means that the project is responsible for restoring itself.

- At solution load time, NuGet should be able to remove the sliding window, and rely on reporting information to the customer about potentially delayed restores. The frequency and the means of reporting can be determined at a later point.

> - In any non solution load scenario, NuGet can loop through all IVsProjectRestoreInfoSource objects, calling `HasPendingNomination`. When the first project reports `true` NuGet will call `WhenNominated`. There is no need for NuGet to call `WhenNominated` on all pending projects.

Reviewer 2: When the first project reports `true` NuGet will call `WhenNominated` _on that project and any other project_?

Author: I made it more explicit. NuGet will call `WhenNominated` on that project only.
